<h1>Case Study Workshop: Leadership and Organizational Change </h1>

<?r if session[:wrong_pw] == true ?>
<p>
You have entered an incorrect password
</p>
<?r end ?>

<?r if not session[:logged_in] or session[:logged_in] == false ?>

    <p>Please login below to view the Case Study. </p>


    <form id="login" method="post">
    <label for="password">Password</label>
    <input type="password" name="password" />

    <br /><br />

    <input type="submit" value="Login" />

    <br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
<?r end ?>



</form>


<?r if session[:logged_in] == true ?>

<p>It is a dynamic time to be a senior university leader. Some argue that higher education is at a tipping point and as a result, the very foundation and fundamentals of our higher education system are poised for transformation and significant change. Tuition costs have outpaced wage increases. Student debt has been rising. Calls for accountability are increasing. The return on investment of a college education is being called into question. New entrants and disruptive innovations abound. In order to navigate our institutions of higher learning through the challenges and opportunities that exist today, and in the future, effective leadership is critical. During this case study-based session, we’ll step out of education and into healthcare to take an intimate look at leadership during a period of industry and organizational change and transition. This case "Paul Levy: Taking Charge of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center" details the situation Levy inherited, his negotiations prior to taking the job, and his first six months as CEO. 
</p>
<h1>Pre-Reading Questions</h1>
Please consider the following questions as you read the case.<br>
<ul>
<li>How would you describe the situation faced by Paul Levy as he came on as the new CEO? What were the biggest challenges he faced?
</li><li>What was unique (if anything) about Levy's leadership and how he went about developing his turnaround plan? How did he overcome organizational resistance?
</li><li>What similarities exist (if any) between the challenges faced by the healthcare industry in the 1990's and higher education today? What similarities exist (if any) between the organizational dynamics at BIDMC and your institution?
</li></ul>
<p>
<br><br>

<a href="https://archive.harvardbusiness.org/cla/web/pl/product.seam?c=19384&i=19386&cs=b229cb5569f3d82f4106c41892098181" target="_blank">Download Case Study Here</a>
</p>


#{MainController.a('Click here to Logout', :logout2)}

<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
<?r end ?>

