<h1>Sponsors</h1>
<span style="font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">
Embanet</span><br>
Since pioneering the industry in 1993 Embanet have become the leading provider of online learning services for the world’s premier schools, colleges and universities.  EmbanetCompass believes that maintaining the integrity and quality of their academic partners is their foremost responsibility. The program development, student acquisition and student support services follow this belief. The goal is to build lasting partnerships that enable Embanet’s  academic partners to expand their educational reach through effective, profitable, and fully realized online learning solutions. For more information, visit <a href="http://www.embanetcompass.com" target="_blank">www.embanetcompass.com</a>.<br><br>

<span style="font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">
Learning House</span><br>
The Learning House, Inc. is an online education solutions partner that helps colleges and universities develop and grow high-quality online degree programs and courses. Partnering with more than 100 colleges and universities, Learning House offers a business model that enables institutions to efficiently and affordably achieve their online education goals. Learning House provides a comprehensive solution to success, including curriculum development and management, faculty training and professional development, marketing and lead generation, admissions and enrollment management, student retention, 24/7 technical support, learning management systems, and management and consultation. For more information, visit <a href="http://www.learninghouse.com" target="_blank">www.learninghouse.com</a>. <br><br>

<span style="font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">Educators Serving Educators
</span><br>
A division of Excelsior College, Educators Serving Educators is an innovative not-for-profit corporation that works with accredited institutions of higher education to develop and deliver online programs and courses.  ESE is the only not-for-profit corporation providing such assistance to colleges and universities. ESE also specializes in assisting institutions that serve individuals traditionally underrepresented in higher education. For more information, visit <a href="http://www.eseserves.org" target="_blank">www.eseserves.org</a>.<br><br>


<span style="font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">
Pearson</span><br>
As a leading education services company, Pearson is serious about evolving how the world learns. Pearson applies deep education experience and research, invests in innovative technologies, and promotes collaboration throughout the education ecosystem. Real change is Pearson’s commitment and its results are delivered through connecting capabilities to create actionable, scalable solutions that improve access, affordability, and achievement. For more information, visit <a href="http://www.pearsoned.com" target="_blank">www.pearsoned.com</a>.<br><br>

<span style="font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">
Turning Technologies</span><br>
Founded in 2002, Turning Technologies is currently the global leader of audience response. Turning Technologies offers an assortment of easy to use polling software and response devices.  They have been recognized for their innovation and outstanding growth in recent years. A strong indicator of the popularity of Turning’s products and services. In 2007, Inc. Magazine ranked Turning as the fastest growing privately held software company in the U.S.<br><br>

Turning Technologies’ student response technology is an effective tool that helps facilitate pedagogical best practices and enhance student learning. The positive impact student response technology has on classroom environments has been documented in multiple published research papers, educational articles and real-life success stories. It's ability to enhance student engagement and encourage whole class participation creates a truly unique learning environment.  For more information, visit <a href="http://www.turningtechnologies.com" target="_blank">www.turningtechnologies.com</a>.

<br><br>
<p>Download the <a href="../AMM_Sponsorship_4pgs_email_version.pdf" target="_blank">Sponsorship Brochure</a> or contact <a href="mailto:ebassett@eduventures.com">Eric Bassett</a> for sponsorship opportunities.
</p>